THIS SECTION WILL BE A BREAKDOWN OF VARIOUS CRIMES AND PENALTIES FOR COMMERCIAL LIENS OR TO PRESS CRIMINAL CHARGES:
IMPORTANT NOTE: THIS IS FOR ADVANCED STUDENTS. IF YOU DON’T UNDERSTAND THIS THEN DON’T WORRY BECAUSE NOT MANY PEOPLE WILL. Many of these monetary costs are made-up by me in association with me looking over the sections in the USC. You are welcome to change the monetary amounts as you see fit. Not all this information will be perfect and some of it may also change depending on how laws change. I HIGHLY recommend you review each individual infraction or felony prior to placing it on an affidavit and signing it under oath.
Secondary Note: Anything marked “conspiracy” means 2 or more people working together to commit the particular felony.

General:

18 USC 1514(d)(B) - Harassment - $50,000 - not more than 5 years in prison

18 USC 873 - Blackmail - $10,000 - not more than 1 year in prison

18 USC 4 - knowing of a felony and not letting a judge know about it (not reporting it) - $20,000 - up to 3 years in prison

18 USC 241 (version of this for a civil claim is 42 USC 1983) - Breach of rights under color of law - CONSPIRACY - $500,000 - up to ten years in prison. If kidnapping is part of the felony, then it increases to any amount of years, life in prison or death.

18 USC 242 (version of this for a civil claim is 42 USC 1985) - Breach of rights under color of law - $50,000 - up to 1 year in prison if no kidnapping or harm. Bodily harm/dangerous weapons increases penalty for up to 10 years in prison

42 USC 1986 - anyone who could have stopped a 42 USC 1985 situation and didn’t can be dragged in under the same charges

18 USC 113 - Assault - $500,000 - up to one year for beatings then once a dangerous weapon is involved it goes to up to 10 years

18 USC 247(a)(2) - preventing ANYONE from practicing their religion - $10,000 per infraction - up to one year in prison

18 USC 912 - organizations pretending to be government - $50,000 - up to 3 years in prison

18 USC 1661 - Piracy, robbery ashore - $500,000 - life in prison

18 USC 2325, 2326, 2327, 2328 - telemarketing and email marketing fraud (this can be used against banks for marketing fraudulent loans such as credit cards, mortgages, etc) - $100,000 - up to 5 years in prison

42 USC 408 states: “(8) discloses, uses, or compels the disclosure of the social security number of any person.”

18 USC 1341 - anything sent through the mail that is defrauding or sent under fraudulent pretenses (any bill, threat, etc) - $500,000 - up to 20 years in prison (CAN BE COMBINED WITH 18 USC 1341)

18 USC 1342 - Committing 18 USC 1341 while using a false or assumed name (ens legis) - $150,000 - up to 5 years in prison




Traveling:

18 USC 1545 - stopping someone with a passport - $250,000 - up to 10 years in prison



Internationally protected people (nationals):

NOTE 1: 18 USC 3056(a)(5) states: “(a)Under the direction of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the United States Secret Service is authorized to protect the following persons: (5)Visiting heads of foreign states or foreign governments.” [the Secret Service is authorized to protect you as an internationally protected person]

NOTE 2: 18 USC 2331: defines “international terrorism” as anything that violates the law between nations and also defines it as: “to intimidate or coerce a civilian population.” It defines “acts of war” as: “armed conflict, whether or not war has been declared, between two or more nations.” It also defines “person” as: “means any individual or entity capable of holding a legal or beneficial interest in property” [which is quite strange… not sure what to totally think about that]

NOTE 3: 18 USC 7 defines “special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States” as: (7)Any place outside the jurisdiction of any nation with respect to an offense by or against a national of the United States;

(9)With respect to offenses committed by or against a national of the United States as that term is used in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act—

(A)the premises of United States diplomatic, consular, military or other United States Government missions or entities in foreign States, including the buildings, parts of buildings, and land appurtenant or ancillary thereto or used for purposes of those missions or entities, irrespective of ownership; and

(B)residences in foreign States and the land appurtenant or ancillary thereto, irrespective of ownership, used for purposes of those missions or entities or used by United States personnel assigned to those missions or entities.

NOTE 4: The definition of “kidnapping” from Black’s Law:

Definition 1: At common law, the forcible abduction or stealing and carrying away of a person from own country to another.

Definition 2: the unlawful seizure and removal of person from own country or state against
his will.

[This is absolutely fascinating because that could mean that “kidnapping” a “US citizen” is locationally impossible because a US citizen is located in the District of Columbia so they are not being “taken away from their country to another country” - BUT AN INTERNATIONALLY PROTECTED PERSON BEING TAKEN WOULD BE KIDNAPPING!]

Note 5: 18 U.S. Code § 11 - Foreign government defined:

“The term “foreign government”, as used in this title except in sections 112, 878, 970, 1116, and 1201, includes any government, faction, or body of insurgents within a country with which the United States is at peace, irrespective of recognition by the United States.”

18 USC 878 - threats or extortion to commit 112 or 1201/956 - $50,000 - prison sentence for threatening is up to 5 years (if threat and commission of act, up to 20 years)

18 USC 112 - harming or kidnapping or any violation of liberty $250,000 - not more than 3 years in prison (if using a deadly weapon or causing harm, that is increased to not more than 10 years)

18 USC 956 Kidnapping an internationally protected person by a US citizen (CONSPIRACY) - $500,000 (this can be combined with 18 USC 1201) - prison sentence can be any terms of years or life

18 USC 970 - protection of property WITHIN the US and the person damages it or will not leave a location - $10,000 - up to 5 years in prison

18 USC 1025 - lying, fraud, etc regarding any instrument, promissory note, etc. (see definition above of  “special maritime and territorial jurisdiction” to understand this one). THIS IS THE ONE YOU USE AGAINST THE BANKS TO GRAB THEM BY THE BALLS AND FORCE THEM TO DISCHARGE ALL YOUR DEBTS, MORTGAGE, ETC WITHOUT MAKING SO MUCH AS A PEEP. - (monetary penalty would be ALL the value of all stolen instruments. So if you opened a mortgage for 2 million and also had paid another $500,000 so far back on that then they would owe you the full 2.5 million back PLUS DAMAGES) - up to 5 years in prison.

18 USC 2111 - taking or attempting to take anything via force, violence or intimidation. (see definition above of  “special maritime and territorial jurisdiction” to understand this one) - $250,000 - up to 15 years in prison

18 USC 2332d - INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM (see above NOTE for definition - this can be used against threats from corporations such as the IRS or collections companies, but ONLY if you are an internationally protected person!) - $250,000 - up to 10 years in prison




Police-specific:

Note: Police MUST have their oath on file within 30 days of being posted as per 5 USC 3332. Explanation of what that oath is can be located at 5 USC 3331

18 USC 1201 Kidnapping - $500,000 (this can be combined with 18 USC 956) - (SEE DEFINITION OF KIDNAPPING IN NOTES SECTION ABOVE IN THE INTERNATIONALLY PROTECTED PERSON SECTION) - not more than 20 years in prison

28 USC 1495 - This one allows you to get damages for unjust conviction and imprisonment



Mail:

18 USC 876(d) - Mail Threats, intent to extort money - $25,000 - not more than 2 years in prison

18 USC 875(d) - interstate mail threats - $25,000 - not more than 2 years in prison



Financial:

Note: 18 USC 891 states:

(1)To extend credit means to make or renew any loan, or to enter into any agreement, tacit or express, whereby the repayment or satisfaction of any debt or claim, whether acknowledged or disputed, valid or invalid, and however arising, may or will be deferred. [REPAYMENTS ARE DEFERRED]

(4)The repayment of any extension of credit includes the repayment, satisfaction, or discharge in whole or in part of any debt or claim, acknowledged or disputed, valid or invalid, resulting from or in connection with that extension of credit. [DISCHARGE MEANS REPAYMENT!]


18 USC 880 - receiving money from successful extortion - $50,000 - if knowing then up to 3 years in prison, if unknowing then up to 1 year in prison

18 USC 872 - US citizen (officer/employee), under color of employment, extorts - $50,000 - not more than 3 years in prison if more than $1,000

18 U.S. Code § 657 - Lending, credit and insurance institutions - embezzles, abstracts, purloins or willfully misapplies any moneys, funds, credits, securities or other things of value belonging to such institution, or pledged or otherwise intrusted to its care - $1,000,000 - not more than 30 years in prison

18 U.S. Code § 661 - Within special maritime and territorial jurisdiction - stealing money or instruments - (value of instruments is the fine) - not more than 5 years in prison

18 U.S. Code § 662 - Within special maritime and territorial jurisdiction - KNOWINGLY receiving stolen property - (value of instruments is the fine) - not more than 3 years in prison if value is above $1,000

18 USC 1348 - fraudulently getting money from transfer of an instrument or security (ALL MORTGAGES, LOANS, CREDIT CARDS, ETC ALL FIT THIS FELONY) - $250,000 - up to 25 years in prison

18 USC 2314 - transporting goods/money/securities that were acquired under false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises - $200,000 - up to 10 years in prison

15 USC 1 - “Every contract, combination in the form of trust or otherwise, or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or commerce among the several States, or with foreign nations, is declared to be illegal. Every person who shall make any contract or engage in any combination or conspiracy hereby declared to be illegal shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, on conviction thereof, shall be punished by fine not exceeding $100,000,000 if a corporation, or, if any other person, $1,000,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding 10 years, or by both said punishments, in the discretion of the court.”

12 USC 503 - “If the directors or officers of any member bank shall knowingly violate or permit any of the agents, officers, or directors of any member bank to violate any of the provisions of sections 375, 375a, 375b, and 376 of this title or regulations of the board made under authority thereof, or any of the provisions of sections 217, 218, 219, 220,[1] 655, 1005, 1014, 1906, or 1909 of title 18, every director and officer participating in or assenting to such violation shall be held liable in his personal and individual capacity for all damages which the member bank, its shareholders, or any other persons shall have sustained in consequence of such violation.”

12 USC 504 - breaking fiduciary duties - $25,000-$1,000,000 A DAY penalty (this one has a multi-tiered system and the charge should be specific)

38 USC 6101 - (this is involving veterans mainly due to it being in Title 38) fiduciary misappropriating funds for a minor or beneficiary - $500,000 - up to 5 years in prison

18 USC 892 - Making extortionate extensions of credit - $1,000,000 - up to 20 years in prison

18 USC 894 - any extortion used in a collecting or attempting to collect any extension of credit - $1,000,000 - up to 20 years in prison

18 USC 1956 - laundering instruments while involved in unlawful activity, especially when those instruments promote the unlawful further laundering of instruments - $500,000 or twice the value of the instrument or property involved, whichever is greater - up to 20 years in prison

18 USC 514 - making fake obligations of the United States (in accordance with 18 USC 8)


Government employees (county recorders, judges, etc):

18 USC 1021 - if the county recorder says it’s recorded but then doesn’t do it or vice versa - $200,000 - up to 5 years in prison

18 USC 1621 - perjury/violation of oath - $100,000 - up to 5 years in prison

18 USC 1622 - getting someone else to commit perjury/violation of oath - $100,000 - up to 5 years in prison

18 USC 1001 - government officer lying KNOWINGLY AND WILLFULLY - $100,000 - up to 5 years in prison

18 USC 1016 - lying when administering oaths and/or certifying acknowledgments - $50,000 - up to 2 years in prison

18 USC 2076 - district court clerk refuses to make or forward any document or report, etc. (use this one to get your documents filed on the record correctly and completely for any case you might be in) - $25,000 - up to one year in prison

18 USC 2071 - destroying, moving, etc, reports or documents in the court, recorder's office, etc. - $75,000 - up to 3 years in prison



Slavery, indentured servitude, forced labor (private right of action for civil claims available via 18 USC 1595):

Note: you may be a bit confused about how these apply but I was thinking about it more and more and the credit reporting agencies are actually violating this by FORCING you into performance contracts. The basic idea of credit reporting bureaus: Equifax, Experian and TransUnion. I’ll bet if you dug really hard you would find that these 3 CORPORATIONS are in bed with the financial companies to help push their entire scam of having you create negotiable instruments then stealing them and charging you in the process.

NOTE 2: 18 USC 1589(c)(1) states:

The term “abuse or threatened abuse of law or legal process” means the use or threatened use of a law or legal process, whether administrative, civil, or criminal, in any manner or for any purpose for which the law was not designed, in order to exert pressure on another person to cause that person to take some action or refrain from taking some action.

NOTE 3: 18 U.S. Code § 1594 shows you that: ANYONE ATTEMPTING TO DO THIS, EVEN IF NOT SUCCESSFUL, WILL BE PUNISHED AS THOUGH THEY PULLED IT OFF. ALSO ANYONE WHO CONSPIRES TO DO THESE ACTIVITIES ARE JUST AS GUILTY AS THE PEOPLE GETTING FOUND GUILTY OF DOING IT. 

18 USC 1581 - Peonage (debt slavery) - $500,000 - up to 20 years in prison

18 USC 1584 - Involuntary Servitude - $500,000 - up to 20 years in prison

18 U.S. Code 1593A - Benefitting financially from peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons (ANYONE ON THE FRINGES WHO BENEFITS FROM THESE ACTIVITIES) - anyone found guilty of this one are treated as guilty to the actual statutes in this section [use this one to nail anyone involved in this fraud]

42 USC 1994 - Peonage (debt slavery). You don’t need a “private right of action” to use this one.

THIS SECTION WILL BE VARIOUS DEFINITIONS THAT ARE USEFUL TO HAVE:
Definitions of “continental United States” and “geographical part of the United States” is at 8 CFR 215.1
*Definition of "legal" is "The undoing of God's law." - 1893 Dictionary of Arts and Sciences, Encyclopedia Britannica, a dictionary of arts, sciences and general literature / The R.S. Peale 9th 1893
*Definition of “attorn”:
ə-tûrn′

intransitive verb

1. To recognize or bring about a transfer, especially of property.

2. To transfer (something) to another.

3. To turn, or transfer homage and service, from one lord to another. This is the act of feudatories, vassals, or tenants, upon the alienation of the estate.

The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, 5th Edition.

*Black's Law 5th Edition: “‘Citizens’ are members of a political community who, in their associated capacity, have established or submitted themselves to the dominion of a government for the promotion of their general welfare and the protection of their individual as well as collective rights.”
*Constructive Trust definitions:
Black's Law 6th Edition: “trust created by operation of law against one who by actual or constructive fraud, by duress or by abuse of confidence, or by commission of wrong, or by any form of unconscionable conduct, or other questionable means.”

Black's Law 6th Edition: “Constructive trusts do not arise by agreement or from intention, but by operation of law, and fraud… and such trusts are also known as 'trusts ex maleficio' or 'ex delicto' or 'involuntary trusts'.”

*Trust ex maleficio definition:
Black's Law 6th Edition: “Where actual fraud is practiced in acquiring legal title… by duress or abuse of confidence… unconscionable conduct, artifice, concealment or questionable means and against good conscience.”

*5 CFR 841.1002 defines “State” as: “State means a State, the District of Columbia, or any territory or possession of the United States.”
*5 CFR § 2641.104 defines a government employee: "It encompasses senior employees, very senior employees, special Government employees, and employees serving without compensation."
26 USC 3401 - definition of “employee”:
“(c)Employee

For purposes of this chapter, the term “employee” includes an officer, employee, or elected official of the United States, a State, or any political subdivision thereof, or the District of Columbia, or any agency or instrumentality of any one or more of the foregoing. The term “employee” also includes an officer of a corporation.”

*”Law” definition from Webster's 1828 Dictionary: “a rule, particularly an established or permanent rule.”
*”Principal” from Black's Law 4th Edition:
1. The employer or constitutor of an agent; the person who gives authority to an agent or attorney to do some act for him.

2. One, who, being competent sui juris to do any act for his own benefit or on his own account, confides it to another person to do for him.

*42 USC 9102 defines that a US citizen can be an association, corporation, etc.
*Certificate: "a document evidencing ownership or debt." Merriam Webster Dictionary 1998
*”The terms ‘lawful money' and ‘lawful money of the United States' shall be construed to mean gold or silver coin of the United States.” - 12 USC 152
*18 U.S. Code § 9 - Vessel of the United States defined:
“The term “vessel of the United States”, as used in this title, means a vessel belonging in whole or in part to the United States, or any citizen thereof, or any corporation created by or under the laws of the United States, or of any State, Territory, District, or possession thereof.”

*Definitions of “state” from Bouvier’s 6th Edition 1856:
“STATE, condition of persons. This word has various acceptations. If we inquire into its origin, it will be found to come from the Latin status, which is derived from the verb stare, sto, whence has been made statio, which signifies the place where a person is located, stat, to fulfill the obligations which are imposed upon him. 

2. State is that quality which belongs to a person in society, and which secures to, and imposes upon him different rights and duties in consequence of the difference of that quality.”

*29 CFR Section 825.102 defines "employ" as: "Employ means to suffer or permit to work." (Suffer means: “To allow, to admit, or to permit.”)
*Black's Law 5th Edition definition of “individual”: “as a noun, this term denotes a single person as distinguished from a group or class, and also, very commonly, a private or natural person as distinguished from a partnership, corporation or association; but it is said that this restrictive signification is not necessarily inherent in the word, and that it may, in proper cases, include artificial persons.”
*Definition of “communication” from Black’s Law 4th Edition: “Information given, the sharing of knowledge by one with another; conference; consultation or bargaining preparatory to making a contract. Intercourse; connection. Also, the Masonic equivalent for the word "meeting." State v. Goodwyn, 83 W.Va. 255, 98 S.E. 577.”
*Definition of Common Law from Bouvier's Law Dictionary 1856: “That which derives its force and authority from the universal consent and immemorial practice of the people. It has never received the sanction of the legislature, by an express act, which is the criterion by which it is distinguished from the statute law.”
*”Legal” is the antithesis of “equitable.’ - 2 Abbott's Law Dict. 24; A Dictionary of Law, William C. Anderson, (1893)
*26 USC 7701 contains many of the definitions required to understand ANY law. Definitions such as “person,” “domestic,” “foreign,” “taxpayer,” “United States,” “State,” “Withholding Agent,” etc!
18 USC 31 (these definitions show you when you are in a car or truck for commerce or not): 
(6)Motor vehicle.— 
The term “motor vehicle” means every description of carriage or other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for commercial purposes on the highways in the transportation of passengers, passengers and property, or property or cargo.

(10)Used for commercial purposes.—
The term “used for commercial purposes” means the carriage of persons or property for any fare, fee, rate, charge or other consideration, or directly or indirectly in connection with any business, or other undertaking intended for profit.

49 CFR § 390.5T covers “driver” and “private motor carrier”:
Driver means any person who operates any commercial motor vehicle.

Private motor carrier means a person who provides transportation of property or passengers, by commercial motor vehicle, and is not a for-hire motor carrier.

49 USC 31301 - Definitions of “driver’s license” and “employee”:
(6)“driver’s license” means a license issued by a State to an individual authorizing the individual to operate a motor vehicle on highways.

(7)“employee” means an operator of a commercial motor vehicle (including an independent contractor when operating a commercial motor vehicle) who is employed by an employer.

34 U.S. Code § 12611 - Covers the “Motor vehicle theft prevention program” which appears to be how registration works:
(1)the owner of a motor vehicle may voluntarily sign a consent form with a participating State or locality in which the motor vehicle owner—

(A)states that the vehicle is not normally operated under certain specified conditions; and

(B)agrees to—

(i)display program decals or devices on the owner’s vehicle; and

(ii)permit law enforcement officials in any State to stop the motor vehicle and take reasonable steps to determine whether the vehicle is being operated by or with the permission of the owner, if the vehicle is being operated under the specified conditions; and

18 U.S. Code § 7 - Special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States defined:
(1)The high seas, any other waters within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the United States and out of the jurisdiction of any particular State, and any vessel belonging in whole or in part to the United States or any citizen thereof, or to any corporation created by or under the laws of the United States, or of any State, Territory, District, or possession thereof, when such vessel is within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the United States and out of the jurisdiction of any particular State.

(7)Any place outside the jurisdiction of any nation with respect to an offense by or against a national of the United States.

(9)With respect to offenses committed by or against a national of the United States as that term is used in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act—

  (A)the premises of United States diplomatic, consular, military or other United States Government missions or entities in foreign States, including the buildings, parts of buildings, and land appurtenant or ancillary thereto or used for purposes of those missions or entities, irrespective of ownership; and

  (B)residences in foreign States and the land appurtenant or ancillary thereto, irrespective of ownership, used for purposes of those missions or entities or used by United States personnel assigned to those missions or entities.

18 U.S. Code § 8 - Obligation or other security of the United States defined:
The term “obligation or other security of the United States” includes all bonds, certificates of indebtedness, national bank currency, Federal Reserve notes, Federal Reserve bank notes, coupons, United States notes, Treasury notes, gold certificates, silver certificates, fractional notes, certificates of deposit, bills, checks, or drafts for money, drawn by or upon authorized officers of the United States, stamps and other representatives of value, of whatever denomination, issued under any Act of Congress, and canceled United States stamps.

18 U.S. Code § 10 - Interstate commerce and foreign commerce defined:
The term “interstate commerce”, as used in this title, includes commerce between one State, Territory, Possession, or the District of Columbia and another State, Territory, Possession, or the District of Columbia.

The term “foreign commerce”, as used in this title, includes commerce with a foreign country.

18 U.S. Code § 11 - Foreign government defined:
The term “foreign government”, as used in this title except in sections 112, 878, 970, 1116, and 1201, includes any government, faction, or body of insurgents within a country with which the United States is at peace, irrespective of recognition by the United States.

18 U.S. Code § 18 - Organization defined:
As used in this title, the term “organization” means a person other than an individual.

18 U.S. Code § 891 - EXTORTIONATE CREDIT TRANSACTIONS - Definitions and rules of construction:
(1)To extend credit means to make or renew any loan, or to enter into any agreement, tacit or express, whereby the repayment or satisfaction of any debt or claim, whether acknowledged or disputed, valid or invalid, and however arising, may or will be deferred. [is this saying that all credit is possibly invalid and “deferred”?]

(4)The repayment of any extension of credit includes the repayment, satisfaction, or discharge in whole or in part of any debt or claim, acknowledged or disputed, valid or invalid, resulting from or in connection with that extension of credit. [WAIT… “REPAYMENT” IS LITERALLY DEFINED AS “DISCHARGE”?]

Black’s Law 4th Edition - definition of “government de facto”:
1. A government of fact. A government actually exercising power and control in the state, as opposed to the true and lawful government; a government not established according to the constitution of the state, or not lawfully entitled to recognition or supremacy, but which has nevertheless supplanted or displaced the government de jure. A government deemed unlawful, or deemed wrongful or unjust, which, nevertheless, receives presently habitual obedience from the bulk of the community. Aust. Jur. 324.


2. There are several degrees of what is called "de facto government." Such a government, in its highest degree, assumes a character very closely resembling that of a lawful government. This is when the usurping government expels the regular authorities from their customary seats and functions, and establishes itself in their place, and so becomes the actual government of a country. The distinguishing characteristic of such a government is that adherents to it in war against the government de jure do not incur the penalties of treason; and, under certain limitations, obligations assumed by it in behalf of the country or otherwise will, in general, be respected by the government de jure when restored.

3. Such a government might be more aptly denominated a "government of paramount force," being maintained by
active military power against the rightful authority of an established and lawful government; and obeyed in civil matters by private citizens. They are usually administered directly by military authority, but they may be administered, also, by civil authority, supported more or less by military force. Thorington v. Smith, 8 Wall. 8, 9, 19 L.Ed. 361. 

18 USC 1839:
(1)the term “foreign instrumentality” means any agency, bureau, ministry, component, institution, association, or any legal, commercial, or business organization, corporation, firm, or entity that is substantially owned, controlled, sponsored, commanded, managed, or dominated by a foreign government;

(2)the term “foreign agent” means any officer, employee, proxy, servant, delegate, or representative of a foreign government;

1 USC 8 (extended meanings of “person” and “human being” means also infant homo sapiens):
"(a)In determining the meaning of any Act of Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the various administrative bureaus and agencies of the United States, the words “person”, “human being”, “child”, and “individual”, shall include every infant member of the species homo sapiens who is born alive at any stage of development."

Definition of “foreign” from Black’s Law 4th Edition:
Belonging to another nation or country; belonging or attached to another jurisdiction; made, done, or rendered in another state or jurisdiction; subject to another jurisdiction; operating or solvable in another territory; extrinsic; outside; extraordinary. Nonresident.

Definition of “United States person” (U.S. person) from 25 USC 7701 - (you need to be careful of section (E)(ii) because if you haven’t cleaned up your own status then you could put your trusts at risk):
“(A)a citizen or resident of the United States,

(B)a domestic partnership,

(C)a domestic corporation,

(D)any estate (other than a foreign estate, within the meaning of paragraph (31)), and

(E)any trust if—

(i)a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust, and

(ii)one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust.”

After clearing up the above, now you can clear up “foreign estate” and “foreign trust” from the same section:
“(A)Foreign estate

The term “foreign estate” means an estate the income of which, from sources without the United States which is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States, is not includible in gross income under subtitle A.

(B)Foreign trust

The term “foreign trust” means any trust other than a trust described in subparagraph (E) of paragraph (30).”

Definition of “bank” from the American Banker’s Association website (Link: https://www.aba.com/news-research/research-analysis/routing-number-policy-procedures#:~:text=Terminology-,Bank,act%20as%20a%20paying%20bank) - (this shows you that a bank can access your Social Security account):
“The word “bank” will be used to refer to any organization engaged in the business of banking, which is authorized to access Federal Reserve provided payment services or act as a paying bank. This includes chartered financial service providers such as commercial banks, saving banks and credit unions as well as U.S. agencies or offices of foreign banks or foreign governments or central banks, and units of Federal or State Government. A bank's eligibility to be issued a routing number is determined by the criteria specified in Section II of the Policy.”

26 USC § 877A(g)(2) - Definition of “expatriate":
(2) Expatriate The term “expatriate” means— (A) any United States citizen who relinquishes his citizenship, and (B) any long-term resident of the United States who ceases to be a lawful permanent resident of the United States (within the meaning of section 7701(b)(6) ).

UCC 9-102 - Definition of “consumer goods”:
(23) "Consumer goods" means goods that are used or bought for use primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.

15 USC 1602:
(f) The term “credit” means the right granted by a creditor to a debtor to defer payment of debt or to incur debt and defer its payment.

(j)The terms “open end credit plan” and “open end consumer credit plan” mean a plan under which the creditor reasonably contemplates repeated transactions, which prescribes the terms of such transactions, and which provides for a finance charge which may be computed from time to time on the outstanding unpaid balance. A credit plan or open end consumer credit plan which is an open end credit plan or open end consumer credit plan within the meaning of the preceding sentence is an open end credit plan or open end consumer credit plan even if credit information is verified from time to time.

26 USC 5845 - (“firearm” and “arm” are two entirely different words. “Arm” is private, “firearm” is public):
The term “firearm” means (1) a shotgun having a barrel or barrels of less than 18 inches in length; (2) a weapon made from a shotgun if such weapon as modified has an overall length of less than 26 inches or a barrel or barrels of less than 18 inches in length; (3) a rifle having a barrel or barrels of less than 16 inches in length; (4) a weapon made from a rifle if such weapon as modified has an overall length of less than 26 inches or a barrel or barrels of less than 16 inches in length; (5) any other weapon, as defined in subsection (e); (6) a machinegun; (7) any silencer (as defined in section 921 of title 18, United States Code); and (8) a destructive device. The term “firearm” shall not include an antique firearm or any device (other than a machinegun or destructive device) which, although designed as a weapon, the Secretary finds by reason of the date of its manufacture, value, design, and other characteristics is primarily a collector’s item and is not likely to be used as a weapon.

31 USC 594.315 defines “U.S. person”:
“The term United States person or U.S. person means any United States citizen, permanent resident alien, entity organized under the laws of the United States (including foreign branches), or any person in the United States.”

27 CFR 72.11 - defines “Commercial crimes” as literally everything under the sun.
22 CFR 51.2 - states that only “U.S. nationals” can be given passports (“U.S. nationals are divided into two categories: US citizens and non-citizen nationals)
22 CFR 51.40 - states that the burden of proof of being a US citizen or non-citizen national lies with the applicant (meaning you state your claim then simply prove it)
12 USC 5481 - defines a “consumer” as: “The term “consumer” means an individual or an agent, trustee, or representative acting on behalf of an individual.”
31 USC 321(d)(1) and (d)(2) - shows, in black and white, that Federal income (and estate) taxes are GIFTS to the US Treasury
42 USC 659(i)(4) - defines a “private person” in exactly the opposite of what you would think: “means a person who does not have sovereign or other special immunity or privilege which causes the person not to be subject to legal process.”
5 USC 552a - has a definition of the word “individual,” which you can’t find defined hardly anywhere: “(2)the term “individual” means a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence;”
A “United States business” is defined as “a United States citizen” in 15 USC 4724(e)(1), which matches up with 42 USC 9102(18) section B and C.
The Treasury can still print their own currency notes. They literally need to be “payable to the bearer” by law! Take a look at 31 USC 5115.
Proof that the cestui que vie act of 1666 is still law in America can be found at 38 USC 108.
18 USC 1028 - defines an “identification document” as: “(3)the term “identification document” means a document made or issued by or under the authority of the United States Government, a State, political subdivision of a State, a sponsoring entity of an event designated as a special event of national significance, a foreign government, political subdivision of a foreign government, an international governmental or an international quasi-governmental organization which, when completed with information concerning a particular individual, is of a type intended or commonly accepted for the purpose of identification of individuals;”
THIS SECTION WILL BE IMPORTANT SECTIONS OF CODES AND EXPLAINATIONS OF HOW YOU CAN USE THEM:
31 U.S. Code § 1501 - This shows what documentary evidence is required to prove that something is a  Government obligation under 18 USC 8
*26 CFR section 601.602 (a): "The tax system is based on voluntary compliance"
*12 USC 1431 - shows how the “powers and duties of banks” is to BORROW money, not loan it!
*36 USC 70501 - shows you that the Federal Bar Association is a corporation that “domiciled” in the District of Columbia
*26 USC 6331 (a) (covers how Notices of Levy from the IRS are only for IRS employees/officers):
(a)Authority of Secretary

If any person liable to pay any tax neglects or refuses to pay the same within 10 days after notice and demand, it shall be lawful for the Secretary to collect such tax (and such further sum as shall be sufficient to cover the expenses of the levy) by levy upon all property and rights to property (except such property as is exempt under section 6334) belonging to such person or on which there is a lien provided in this chapter for the payment of such tax. Levy may be made upon the accrued salary or wages of any officer, employee, or elected official, of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any agency or instrumentality of the United States or the District of Columbia, by serving a notice of levy on the employer (as defined in section 3401(d)) of such officer, employee, or elected official. If the Secretary makes a finding that the collection of such tax is in jeopardy, notice and demand for immediate payment of such tax may be made by the Secretary and, upon failure or refusal to pay such tax, collection thereof by levy shall be lawful without regard to the 10-day period provided in this section.

*22 USC 611 (once you start handling the sole proprietorship properly, you are a “government of a foreign country” by definition):
(e)The term “government of a foreign country” includes any person or group of persons exercising sovereign de facto or de jure political jurisdiction over any country, other than the United States, or over any part of such country, and includes any subdivision of any such group and any group or agency to which such sovereign de facto or de jure authority or functions are directly or indirectly delegated. Such term shall include any faction or body of insurgents within a country assuming to exercise governmental authority whether such faction or body of insurgents has or has not been recognized by the United States;

*18 USC 4 (with this you can strong arm ANY action you so desire from your trustees):
“Whoever, having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable by a court of the United States, conceals and does not as soon as possible make known the same to some judge or other person in civil or military authority under the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.”

*19 USC Section 81o (talking about the District of Columbia - THIS PROVES THAT ALL “US citizens” ARE VOLUNTEER GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES): 
(a) Persons allowed to reside in zone:
“no person shall be allowed to reside within the zone except federal, State, or municipal officers or agents whose resident presence is deemed necessary by the Board.”

*42 USC Section 401 (this one breaks down and shows you how taxes are a VOLUNTARY GIFT):
(i)Gifts and bequests

(1)The Managing Trustee may accept on behalf of the United States money gifts and bequests made unconditionally to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, or the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund (and for the Medicare Prescription Drug Account and the Transitional Assistance Account in such Trust Fund) or to the Social Security Administration, the Department of Health and Human Services, or any part or officer thereof, for the benefit of any of such Funds or any activity financed through such Funds.

(2)Any such gift accepted pursuant to the authority granted in paragraph (1) of this subsection shall be deposited in—

(A)the specific trust fund designated by the donor or

(B)if the donor has not so designated, the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund.

*12 USC 83 - Loans by bank on its own stock (this is proof that banks are not allowed to loan other people’s money):
“(a)General prohibition

No national bank shall make any loan or discount on the security of the shares of its own capital stock.”

*18 USC 112 (this shows you various terms that describe your status as a foreign national):
“(c)For the purpose of this section “foreign government”, “foreign official”, “internationally protected person”, “international organization”, “national of the United States”, and “official guest” shall have the same meanings as those provided in section 1116(b) of this title.”

*The IRS cannot physically threaten or attack you as per 15 USC § 1692(d):
Harassment or abuse

A debt collector may not engage in any conduct the natural consequence of which is to harass, oppress, or abuse any person in connection with the collection of a debt. Without limiting the general application of the foregoing, the following conduct is a violation of this section:

(1) The use or threat of use of violence or other criminal means to harm the physical person, reputation, or property of any person.

*Constitution Article 1 Section 9 (shows that direct taxation is illegal):
Clause 4 Direct Taxes

“No Capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the Census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken.”

*26 USC 641 (talking about foreign “98” tax ID numbers, which you can get with about 5 minutes of work on the IRS website):
“For purposes of this subsection, a foreign trust or foreign estate shall be treated as a nonresident alien individual who is not present in the United States at any time.”

*18 USC 1545 (shows that you cannot be detained when presenting a valid passport):
“Whoever violates any safe conduct or passport duly obtained and issued under authority of the United States shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.”

*28 USC 454 (judges CANNOT practice law!):
“Any justice or judge appointed under the authority of the United States who engages in the practice of law is guilty of a high misdemeanor.”

*28 USC 607 (public servants CANNOT practice law!):
“An officer or employee of the Administrative Office shall not engage directly or indirectly in the practice of law in any court of the United States.”

*18 U.S. Code § 1021 (use this one to FORCE your county recorder to record your documents.):
“Whoever, being an officer or other person authorized by any law of the United States to record a conveyance of real property or any other instrument which by such law may be recorded, knowingly certifies falsely that such conveyance or instrument has or has not been recorded, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.”

*18 USC 245 - Federally Protected Activities:
(this section involves a list of many things such as also discrimination for national origin, sex, color, etc. A great spot to dig for multiple Federal causes of action.)

“(B)participating in or enjoying any benefit, service, privilege, program, facility, or activity provided or administered by the United States;”

“(E)traveling in or using any facility of interstate commerce, or using any vehicle, terminal, or facility of any common carrier by motor, rail, water, or air;”

*18 USC 872 (ALL US citizens not living in Washington DC are guilty of this one):
“Whoever, being an officer, or employee of the United States or any department or agency thereof, or representing himself to be or assuming to act as such, under color or pretense of office or employment commits or attempts an act of extortion, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both; but if the amount so extorted or demanded does not exceed $1,000, he shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.”

*28 USC Chapter 97 is the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. It covers what a foreign sovereign is and what protections that they and their possessions have. 
*46 USC 30908 - Exemption from arrest or seizure:
“The following are not subject to arrest or seizure by judicial process in the United States:

(1)A vessel owned by, possessed by, or operated by or for the United States or a federally-owned corporation

(2)Cargo owned or possessed by the United States or a federally-owned corporation."

*4 USC 72 (this proves that STATE OF CALIFORNIA, CITY OF LOS ANGELES, and every other state, city or county are all physically legally located in the District of Columbia!):
“All offices attached to the seat of government shall be exercised in the District of Columbia, and not elsewhere, except as otherwise expressly provided by law.”

*18 USC 912 (use this one to crush corporations that pretend to be government. There are many out there):
“Whoever falsely assumes or pretends to be an officer or employee acting under the authority of the United States or any department, agency or officer thereof, and acts as such, or in such pretended character demands or obtains any money, paper, document, or thing of value, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.”

*26 U.S. Code § 7806 - Construction of title (this proves that the ENTIRE IRS code, Title 26, is not law):
“(b)Arrangement and classification

No inference, implication, or presumption of legislative construction shall be drawn or made by reason of the location or grouping of any particular section or provision or portion of this title, nor shall any table of contents, table of cross references, or similar outline, analysis, or descriptive matter relating to the contents of this title be given any legal effect. The preceding sentence also applies to the sidenotes and ancillary tables contained in the various prints of this Act before its enactment into law.”

*UCC 8-102(a)(11) states (this is how you create currency out of thin air):
“"Indorsement" means a signature that alone or accompanied by other words is made on a security certificate in registered form or on a separate document for the purpose of assigning, transferring, or redeeming the security or granting a power to assign, transfer, or redeem it.”

*50 USC 842 (Communists don’t have rights):
“The Communist Party of the United States, or any successors of such party regardless of the assumed name, whose object or purpose is to overthrow the Government of the United States, or the government of any State, Territory, District, or possession thereof, or the government of any political subdivision therein by force and violence, are not entitled to any of the rights, privileges, and immunities attendant upon legal bodies created under the jurisdiction of the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof; and whatever rights, privileges, and immunities which have heretofore been granted to said party or any subsidiary organization by reason of the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, are terminated: Provided, however, That nothing in this section shall be construed as amending the Internal Security Act of 1950, as amended [50 U.S.C. 781 et seq.]”

*26 USC 7701 (this shows that when you SAY or SIGN as a US citizen, you are allowing them to treat you as though you are in their little world… their degraded sandbox):
“(39)Persons residing outside United States

If any citizen or resident of the United States does not reside in (and is not found in) any United States judicial district, such citizen or resident shall be treated as residing in the District of Columbia for purposes of any provision of this title relating to—

(A)jurisdiction of courts, or

(B)enforcement of summons.”

18 USC 1621 (use after you get ahold of a public servant’s bond):
"Whoever, having taken an oath before a competent tribunal, officer, or person, in any case in which a law of the United States authorizes an oath to be administered, willfully and contrary to such oath states or subscribes any material matter which he does not believe to be true, is guilty of perjury and shall be fined no more than $2,000.00 or imprisoned not more than five years or both." 18 U.S.C. §1621

20 CFR 422.104 (this one shows you the secret debt contract behind the Social Security account but requires a special secret definition to understand, which I will list below):
**20 CFR 422.402 has a special definition of the word “You” which is: “means an individual who owes a debt to the United States within the scope of this subpart.” NOW TAKE THAT DEFINITION AND READ 20 CFR 422.104:

20 CFR 422.104: “(a) Persons eligible for SSN assignment. We can assign you a social security number if you meet the evidence requirements in § 422.107 and you are:

(1) A United States citizen; or

(2) An alien lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence or under other authority of law permitting you to work in the United States (§ 422.105 describes how we determine if a nonimmigrant alien is permitted to work in the United States); or…” [there is more here and you can look it up if you want to see the rest]

9 U.S. Code § 1 - “Maritime transactions” and “commerce” defined; exceptions to operation of title
““Maritime transactions”, as herein defined, means charter parties, bills of lading of water carriers, agreements relating to wharfage, supplies furnished vessels or repairs to vessels, collisions, or any other matters in foreign commerce which, if the subject of controversy, would be embraced within admiralty jurisdiction; “commerce”, as herein defined, means commerce among the several States or with foreign nations, or in any Territory of the United States or in the District of Columbia, or between any such Territory and another, or between any such Territory and any State or foreign nation, or between the District of Columbia and any State or Territory or foreign nation, but nothing herein contained shall apply to contracts of employment of seamen, railroad employees, or any other class of workers engaged in foreign or interstate commerce.”

26 CFR § 301.7701-11 - Social security number (this one shows you what a Social Security number REALLY is):
“For purposes of this chapter, the term social security number means the taxpayer identifying number of an individual or estate which is assigned pursuant to section 6011(b) or corresponding provisions of prior law, or pursuant to section 6109, and in which nine digits are separated by hyphens as follows: 000-00-0000. Such term does not include a number with a letter as a suffix which is used to identify an auxiliary beneficiary under the social security program. The terms “account number” and “social security number” refer to the same number.”

5 USC 3331 - shows the exact oath all public servants have to give:
“An individual, except the President, elected or appointed to an office of honor or profit in the civil service or uniformed services, shall take the following oath: “I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.” This section does not affect other oaths required by law.”

4 USC 101 - shows the exact oath all State public servants have to give:
“Every member of a State legislature, and every executive and judicial officer of a State, shall, before he proceeds to execute the duties of his office, take an oath in the following form, to wit: “I, A B, do solemnly swear that I will support the Constitution of the United States.”

15 USC 26 - shows that you have the right to use the courts as long as you subject yourself to their jurisdicion:
“Any person, firm, corporation, or association shall be entitled to sue for and have injunctive relief, in any court of the United States having jurisdiction over the parties, against threatened loss or damage by a violation of the antitrust laws, including sections 13, 14, 18, and 19 of this title, when and under the same conditions and principles as injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause loss or damage is granted by courts of equity, under the rules governing such proceedings, and upon the execution of proper bond against damages for an injunction improvidently granted and a showing that the danger of irreparable loss or damage is immediate, a preliminary injunction may issue: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to entitle any person, firm, corporation, or association, except the United States, to bring suit for injunctive relief against any common carrier subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board under subtitle IV of title 49. In any action under this section in which the plaintiff substantially prevails, the court shall award the cost of suit, including a reasonable attorney’s fee, to such plaintiff.”

18 USC 8 - defines what an “obligation of the United States” is:
“The term “obligation or other security of the United States” includes all bonds, certificates of indebtedness, national bank currency, Federal Reserve notes, Federal Reserve bank notes, coupons, United States notes, Treasury notes, gold certificates, silver certificates, fractional notes, certificates of deposit, bills, checks, or drafts for money, drawn by or upon authorized officers of the United States, stamps and other representatives of value, of whatever denomination, issued under any Act of Congress, and canceled United States stamps.”

15 USC 77c - shows you all the classes of securities
15 USC 1605 - this shows you that all interest and other fees are all part of the rolled up loan and are payable by discharge:
(a)“Finance charge” defined

Except as otherwise provided in this section, the amount of the finance charge in connection with any consumer credit transaction shall be determined as the sum of all charges, payable directly or indirectly by the person to whom the credit is extended, and imposed directly or indirectly by the creditor as an incident to the extension of credit. The finance charge does not include charges of a type payable in a comparable cash transaction. The finance charge shall not include fees and amounts imposed by third party closing agents (including settlement agents, attorneys, and escrow and title companies) if the creditor does not require the imposition of the charges or the services provided and does not retain the charges. Examples of charges which are included in the finance charge include any of the following types of charges which are applicable:

(1)Interest, time price differential, and any amount payable under a point, discount, or other system or additional charges.

(2)Service or carrying charge.

(3)Loan fee, finder’s fee, or similar charge.

(4)Fee for an investigation or credit report.

(5)Premium or other charge for any guarantee or insurance protecting the creditor against the obligor’s default or other credit loss.

(6)Borrower-paid mortgage broker fees, including fees paid directly to the broker or the lender (for delivery to the broker) whether such fees are paid in cash or financed.

12 USC 412 - THIS IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE ACT, SECTION 16 PART 2, IN THE UNITED STATES CODE!:
“Any Federal Reserve bank may make application to the local Federal Reserve agent for such amount of the Federal Reserve notes hereinbefore provided for as it may require. Such application shall be accompanied with a tender to the local Federal Reserve agent of collateral in amount equal to the sum of the Federal Reserve notes thus applied for and issued pursuant to such application.”

15 USC 1601 - explains how we have the right to understand the terms associated with the credit transactions:
“The Congress finds that economic stabilization would be enhanced and the competition among the various financial institutions and other firms engaged in the extension of consumer credit would be strengthened by the informed use of credit. The informed use of credit results from an awareness of the cost thereof by consumers. It is the purpose of this subchapter to assure a meaningful disclosure of credit terms so that the consumer will be able to compare more readily the various credit terms available to him and avoid the uninformed use of credit, and to protect the consumer against inaccurate and unfair credit billing and credit card practices.”

28 USC 1737 - explains how if you ask for an officer’s bond, it MUST be given to you:
“Any person to whose custody the bond of any officer of the United States has been committed shall, on proper request and payment of the fee allowed by any Act of Congress, furnish certified copies thereof, which shall be prima facie evidence in any court of the execution, filing and contents of the bond.”
8 USC 1401 - talks about people who are nationals AND citizens at birth and how they got to be that status
8 USC 1408 - talks about people who are nationals ONLY and NOT citizens at birth and how they got to be that status
28 USC 1605 - talks about exceptions to the jurisdictional immunity of a foreign state (this talks a lot about the boundaries of diplomatic immunity)
28 USC 1915 - shows you how to file lawsuits without having to pay if you have zero money.
12 USC 1753 - explains how seven or more “natural persons” may create a Federal credit union
1 USC 1 - shows how the word “insane” includes idiots (lots more good stuff here)
8 USC 1503 - talks about a process that a national can do if their rights or identity as a national is jeopardized or denied
31 USC 3128 - shows how once the government decides you’re dead, they can take all your accounts
46 USC 50501 - talks about entities that are deemed citizens of the United States. Explains how corporations and other entities are citizens.
15 USC 1691 - explains how your application for notes (“credit” as per 12 USC 412) CANNOT be denied
28 CFR 29.10 - explains how you can simply tear off your registration sticker in order to “withdraw” from the Motor Vehicle Theft Prevention Program (which is what “registration” really is). You may also change your license plate. You are “encouraged” to also notify the DMV or other agency of your choice.
8 CFR 1101.3 - speaks about how someone born to foreign diplomatic parents (anyone in any of the unincorporated nation states) is not subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. BUT, “his/her registration as a lawful permanent resident of the United States is voluntary.”
31 USC 5312 - defines a “financial institution” as LITERALLY ANYTHING. I’m not kidding, take a look.
https://www.frbdiscountwindow.org/Pages/Collateral/collateral_eligibility - talks about the “collateral securities” from 12 USC 412 and what is exchangeable for Federal Reserve Notes at the Federal Reserve Discount Window
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 - talks about the “federal city” and explains how it has VERY LIMITED JURISDICATION AND WILL NOT ENCROACH INTO THE INDIVIDUAL UNINCORPORATED NATION STATES. This “federal city” is explained as only ten square miles (obviously talking about Washington DC)
31 CFR 357.13 - explains how the Federal reserve is actually responsible for paying the interest (and probably the principal) of an “obligation or other security of the United States” (meaning, the Federal Reserve essentially pays for EVERYTHING)
California Code GOV Section 1027.5 - explains, in detail, how: “There exists a world-wide revolutionary movement to establish a totalitarian dictatorship based upon force and violence rather than upon law.” [Very fascinating]
California Vehicle Code section 260 - is a very clear to separate a “commercial vehicle” and a “passenger vehicle”
8 USC 1401 - shows what the situations are where a person is born as both a national and citizen (a non-citizen national is born abroad by non-citizens… which is everyone that was born in any of the 50 states.)
26 CFR § 1.892-2T - talks about what a foreign government (even uses the term “foreign sovereign”) is as per the Internal Revenue Code
