FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS from OneStupidFuck.com

Q: What can I read right now to get the biggest jump on this info?
A: Definitely my book, The Guide to the Most Beautiful Woman in the World: The United States of America. You can buy it here: https://a.co/d/2VPBfdO

Q: Will I lose my Social Security or any benefits by doing this?
A: No you will not. You are going to be separating yourself from your sole proprietorship in law: one will be you as the white man/woman who is a citizen of State (which is the original category for a real American) and the sole prop of your name in all caps will be the US citizen. All your “benefits” are attached to the sole proprietorship. That organization is not going ANYWHERE. Look on a W-9 form… it describes you as the “owner” of the sole proprietorship/”disregarded entity.” The sole prop is described as a “business” or “entity” and it describes you as its “owner.” It’s all been right in front of our faces.

Q: Can you send me all the videos of the Contract Killer Course in a single email?
A: No, and if you continue to ask then I will block you from all my systems, including social media and email. I have tons of content on my Podcasts page, my YouTube channel and also my Theory page. If you want more content then go to those locations. Do not waste my time.

Q: Do I need to change/adjust my nationality/citizenship prior to discharging debts?
A: No you do not, but it will give you added protections and is RECOMMENDED, but not necessary. Remember that your ens legis/franchise/sole proprietorship is a US citizen and is your interface into the commercial world… so you aren’t really “expatriating” at all. Like, for example, on purchasing a “firearm” (which isn’t an ARM, by the way), it asks you if you have ever “renounced” citizenship. Well the answer is no because the sole proprietorship is still a US citizen, you just stopped identifying as him.

Q: Are there any downsides to doing all this stuff?
A: Not really, because any benefits that your sole proprietorship would get, you can still get. So you lose nothing but gain everything. The sole prop is still a US citizen.

Q: Does this stuff work in [insert random country name]?
A: It seems like the scam in America is, shockingly, duplicated in almost every other country. First, corporations were added into the definition of “person” or “persons” in law, then the birth certificate system was shifted to create a sole proprietorship at the time of birth, which confuses everyone for life because they never know if the legal system is referring to them as a man/woman or the sole proprietorship. Also, the currency is always replaced by a type of unconditional promise to pay (called a promissory note). Both of these activities, which appear to be the skeletal system of the entire matrix, is the same playbook over and over internationally. Now, in terms of how that occurs or what bodies of law the above is structured through… that’s where you will need to go out and figure it out for your country. Then you can help other people in your country sort it out. But I’m not going to move on to other countries until I completely master the American system, which could take years, so don’t ask me about your country. I get asked this question many times per day and I ALWAYS ignore it. If I hear it more than once from someone then I usually just block them.

Q: Are people getting in trouble or going to jail over any of this stuff?
A: Shockingly, no. As long as people keep their emotions in check, even pretty big fuck-ups are not getting anyone in trouble. Freaking out and being an asshole is pretty much the only way to get yourself in hot shit with this stuff. Things like taunting police officers have a tendency to not work out so well and no one in this movement should be doing that.

Q: How can I access my cestui que vie trust account?
A: I don’t know and don’t care. I manufacture currency through my public corporation and that’s what I teach. I operate my life as a banker with a bank. I don’t need or care about the trust. Look elsewhere if that’s what you are looking for. I made some attempts to access the trust accounts and they were unsuccessful. Do not contact me on this subject, you will be ignored.

Q: Do you deal much with CPS and children-related issues?
A: No I do not. Much of my information will help you, but I do not have children and have not dealt with many children-related issues. I did do a show on this subject though that might help: https://youtu.be/ya1qMCKn9dk. I recommend you watch the documentary Divorce Corp, which you can purchase here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REOuslPVZD4. It is an expose that shows you how Family Court basically isn’t even a real court. If I had a problem with my kids, I would trademark their names, write up a security interest document with them listed as collateral, then go and file a UCC 1 to perfect the security interest. Then I would sue EVERYONE involved in the “Family Court,” including the so-called judges and prosecutors and whoever was trying to take my kids, in an actual State or Federal court.

Q: May I send you some long and overly-convoluted message to waste your fucking time when I should be quietly and deeply studying the material in an effort to establish a deep and meaningful comprehension?
A: No you may not, you annoying piece of shit.

Q: If I am female and hot as fuck and I want to ask stupid questions, are you more likely to respond and answer them?
A: Of course. I have a penis. But that just means the runway before you annoy me is just slightly longer.

Q: If I am female and have a bunch of lonely female friends that would like to play Twister with you or maybe invite you over for a giggly sleepover… maybe with some wine… should we contact you?
A: Yes please. I could be an excellent guest speaker at your glorious event.

Q: I have tried multiple times to sign up for your Contract Killer Course and I have not received the email (or I cannot click on the link in the email).
A: IF YOU ARE USING GMAIL, THEY HAVE STARTED TO PREVENT DELIVERY OF MY EMAILS FOR SOME REASON. PLEASE GO COMPLAIN TO THEM AGGRESSIVELY THAT YOU ARE NOT GETTING MY EMAILS. GIVE EM HELL.

I don’t deal with the email system and I am not your personal tech consultant. If you would like to pay my normal rate of $2000/hour, I’ll be more than happy to hold your dick through the process of signing up for my email list. I have TENS OF THOUSANDS of people signed up. I do not have time for your petty tech difficulties. The system works fine and sends over 350,000 emails on average per month. The problem is on your end, not mine. If it was on my end, I would know REALLY fast. 

Q: I didn’t get one of the emails on the course, can you send it to me?
A: No I cannot. Go find it someplace else. My system has 99.3% delivery rate. If you’re in the 0.7% of that, then that’s your problem. Be sure to thoroughly check your spam and junk folders. IF YOU ARE USING GMAIL, THEY HAVE STARTED TO PREVENT DELIVERY OF MY EMAILS FOR SOME REASON. PLEASE GO COMPLAIN TO THEM AGGRESSIVELY THAT YOU ARE NOT GETTING MY EMAILS. GIVE EM HELL.

Q: If I send you an email or message, will you answer it?
A: If the email or message requires more than just a few seconds, I may ignore it or heart-react it without answering. I try to help where I can, but it needs to be VERY CONCISE AND SHORT. Anything beyond that and you’re basically hiring me for consultation time. The course and the theory page are quite verbose. There’s not a whole lot you can’t find within my content. I get hundreds of messages a day and it’s getting to be more and more (hence me writing this Q&A section out of pure necessity).

Q: Will you watch this 43 minute video on TikTok then give me your opinion or response to it?
A: No I will not. Fuck you and fuck your video. I don’t have time for that shit and if you continue to send that then you will be muted or blocked, depending on my mood. Research is my number one priority and you are wasting my precious research time. Plus, fuck Tiktok.

Q: Do you enjoy when we send thank you messages or messages with stories of how we applied this information?
A: YES, VERY MUCH SO. I enjoy all examples, successful or not, of action you are taking. I also do enjoy interesting laws or definitions you may find that might be of use. I get a lot of great information this way and I’m able to organize it and plug it into the proper place. This is very appreciated.

Q: I’m a sexy female and would like to send you naked or almost naked photos, is that OK?
A: Yes, please. Nothing assists the research process more than naked photos.

Q: Can I send you a giant court briefing then ask for your opinion on it?
A: No, I need to be hired for that. Sometimes court documents are very interesting, but please don’t send me packets of paper unless I specifically ask for it because I’m curious about something. You can let me know what you have, then I’ll let you know if I want it or want to look over it. I have to become more and more efficient with my time as this movement grows, otherwise I will drown in the rising sea level. I need to maintain a balance at all times of personal time, research time and work time. RESEARCH IS ALWAYS AND WILL ALWAYS BE THE PRIORITY, EVEN OVER MY OWN PERSONAL LIFE AND EVEN MY WORK WITH MY CLIENTS. We need to always continue to go deeper and gain more clarity over this body of knowledge as a TOP priority.

Q: May I help in some way? I’ll even work for free. Are you in need of paid or unpaid help?
A: This is a very appreciated and fascinating question and I get this question quite often. It pains me a little to say no to this question and I want to take a moment to break this down into more detail so you can really understand where I’m at on this question.

So first and foremost, I take great pride in my marketing, branding and creative efforts. Even my first 2 books that were published… during the entire editing phase of the books, I was hovering over the editor (one of my closest friends) through every single sentence… relentlessly asking why each individual change needed to take place. It was a fucking nightmare for him.

My work and my promotion is not something that I ever intend on giving away, handing off, or anything else. This includes handling all emails and messages myself for as long as humanly possible. Then when I do finally step away, possibly only giving the person who answers the questions VERY limited access to my platform.

The reason being is simply: PURITY. In a world where everything is so fucking fake and pathetic, I feel that the PURITY of my platform needs to be maintained.

To be honest, when there are too many messages to handle… I may just simply stop responding. I may never put someone in a position to speak on my behalf. Who knows. I will tell you that I would love to hire a bunch of beautiful women one day and have them do everything for me. Like a little mini-army of personal assistants in short skirts.

But, honestly, I truly love when people ask to help and I always say the same thing: simply share the information everywhere you possibly can. Share with family, friends, etc. The Code of a Pickletarian will help you effectively share this information.

You can also help by doing a lot of digging and sharing things that may be considered pretty major to see if they plug in someplace. That’s also quite helpful.

Even just taking massive action then reporting back to me what worked and how you did it is good.

But basically I have a core top-level group that I work with that is going to have first pick when I finally open the doors and start hiring people to help me at the Law Group. People like Joe Lustica and others who help administer the private Facebook group are going to have the first spot in line.

Once those people have been brought on then it will move on to my intimate tier 2 people. Then they will have the option to onboard. This will trickle down over time to a pretty big operation.

There’s no other way to do this. There’s no way I can hire or partner with people I don’t know. The research is simply too important to put it at risk by making decisions based off of very little information or first-hand knowledge.

So I do appreciate the offer and you can help! Mainly by the sharing of the information far and wide. EVERYONE deserves to have access to this information in the best, most concise, most fun, most consumable form that can possibly be offered to them. No one deserves to assimilate the information, but EVERYONE deserves to be OFFERED this information. :)
